was this more fun to make this movie
than the last one or is it worser yeah I
felt like high school reunion this one
the first one for me it was like first
day at school or as this was like you
were able to jump right into it too
because little Missy over here was
knocked up yeah you were incredibly
magical every magical moment Scarlett
were you worried when you realize you're
like oh I'm pregnant and now I have to
be in this very very tight suit and
riding a motorcycle as well I did all of
my motorcycle riding stunts yes no I
didn't do any of them actually crazy
yeah it's running to commit to your
craft is another thing for to make your
fetus commit to your craft yeah I know I
mean it was yeah it's just great to wear
tight-fitting cat suit when you're
humongous everybody wants to do that and
no it was it was it was fine
I mean then wroclaw is a man cancelling
suit that he wears so I didn't feel that
bad
woody what is a man to say that I'll cut
that out afterward $10 the man canceling
suit is what I call my CGI leotard and I
call it man cancelling because it makes
you look small everywhere you wish you
look big and big everywhere you wish to
look small and so you're actually
running around as the Hulk then as me in
a leotard I would love to see that
that's the movie I really would enjoy
seeing you running around pretending
that's a Buster - no dad ass